README-benchmarks.md, before:

## CodeIgniter 3 benchmark prep for phpbenchmarks.com

This project provides the sample benchmark features described on
http://www.phpbenchmarks.com/en/participate/create-framework-benchmarks.html

This readme identified the components made to address the above.

### Installation

Configure Apache to use the **public** folder inside this project
as the webapp document root.

### Defaults

This project is based off of [codeigniter3/starter3.1](https://packagist.org/packages/codeigniter3/starter3.1)

If this project is installed into the folder `codeigniter-common`, and
if you have configured a local domain `testbed.local`, pointing to
`codeigniter-common/public`, then the URL `http://testbed.local`
will result in the default CI3 welcome page.

A simple page has been provided to make easier to checkout the
different benchmark features: `http://testbed.local/welcome/bench`,
following the same convention above.

## Hello World

Displays the text "Hello World"

Components:

- controller at `application/controllers/benchmark/Helloworld.php`.
- routing at `application/config/routes.php`

Usage:

- direct access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/helloworld`
- routed access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/hello-world`

## REST API

Displays an array of users retrieved from the benchmark data service.

I consider this only vaguely RESTish, as it only handles a GET,
for all data in the resource, and returns them in JSON format.

Components:

- `application/config/config.php` - composer autoload enabled, line 139
- `application/controllers/benchmark/rest.php`
- `application/models/ShadowComment.php` - User with serialization
- `application/models/ShadowCommentType.php` - Comment with serialization
- `application/models/ShadowUser.php` - CommentType with serialization
- `application/models/Users.php` - User collection, serializable

Usage:

- direct access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/rest`

## FEATURES

Foo and Bar entities, with validation; 3 translations, with localization;
2 event listeners, 2 routes, 2 services; and a module.

The "foo" route shows a session key, a templated view of the "foo" entities,
the users data in JSON format, and a templated and localized calendar.

Components:


Usage:

- `http://benchmark/foo` invokes the first route

Commit message:

Complete the benchmark feature list

README-benchmarks.md, after:

## CodeIgniter 3 benchmark prep for phpbenchmarks.com

This project provides the sample benchmark features described on
http://www.phpbenchmarks.com/en/participate/create-framework-benchmarks.html

This readme identified the components made to address the above.

### Installation

Configure Apache to use the **public** folder inside this project
as the webapp document root.

### Defaults

This project is based off of [codeigniter3/starter3.1](https://packagist.org/packages/codeigniter3/starter3.1)

If this project is installed into the folder `codeigniter-common`, and
if you have configured a local domain `testbed.local`, pointing to
`codeigniter-common/public`, then the URL `http://testbed.local`
will result in the default CI3 welcome page.

A simple page has been provided to make easier to checkout the
different benchmark features: `http://testbed.local/welcome/bench`,
following the same convention above.

## Hello World

Displays the text "Hello World"

Components:

- controller at `application/controllers/benchmark/Helloworld.php`.
- routing at `application/config/routes.php`

Usage:

- direct access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/helloworld`
- routed access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/hello-world`

## REST API

Displays an array of users retrieved from the benchmark data service.

I consider this only vaguely RESTish, as it only handles a GET,
for all data in the resource, and returns them in JSON format.

Components:

- `application/config/config.php` - composer autoload enabled, line 139
- `application/controllers/benchmark/rest.php`
- `application/models/ShadowComment.php` - User with serialization
- `application/models/ShadowCommentType.php` - Comment with serialization
- `application/models/ShadowUser.php` - CommentType with serialization
- `application/models/Users.php` - User collection, serializable

Usage:

- direct access as `http://testbed.local/benchmark/rest`

## FEATURES

Foo and Bar entities, with validation; 3 translations, with localization;
2 event listeners, 2 routes, 2 services; and a module.

The "foo" route shows a session key, a templated view of the "foo" entities,
the users data in JSON format, and a templated and localized calendar.

Notes:

- CodeIgniter 3
does not have an ORM in the traditional sense, but the object-relational
layer maps field names in an RDB table to properties in a model
- CodeIgniter 3 does not have events per se, but a "hook" mechanism
with pre-defined events
- source & template for Foo entities & their presentation not given
- unclear what is meant by a "service" - that could be so many different things
 
Components:

- `application/models/Foo.php` and `Bar.php` - entity classes
- `Foo.php` has a validation rule set added, while `Bar.php` does not
- `application/languages/en/phpbenchmarks.php` - translations for 'en'
- `application/languages/en_GB/phpbenchmarks.php` - translations for 'en_GB'
- `application/languages/fr_FR/phpbenchmarks.php` - translations for 'fr_FR'
- `application/config/config.php` - hooks enabled on line 103
- `application/config/hooks.php` - two hooks configured
- `application/hooks/Firsthook.php` and `Secondhook.php` - hooks that do nothing
- `application/config/routes.php` - routes for /benchmark/foo and /bar added,
mapping to methods of the same name inside the Features controller
- `application/controllers/Features.php` - handler for the above routes
- `application/config/config.php` - session storage configured, line 383
- `application/views/calendar_row.php` - template for a calendar cell
- `application/views/foo_view.php` - template for the "foo" benchmark page
- `application/config/autoload.php` - register "useful" package on line 42
- `application/third_party/useful/...` - CI package, aka module or plugin
- `application/third_party/useful/libraries/Worker.php` - package component

Usage:

- `http://benchmark/foo` invokes the first route
